Kubernetes Executor Documentation Updates (#1811)
astronomer/docs: astro/manage-astro-executors.md

After you choose an executor for an Astro Deployment, you can configure your DAGs and Deployment resources to maximize the executor's efficiency and performance. This document provides you with an overview of how to configure the Celery and Kubernetes executors on Astro. To choose an executor for your Deployment, see [Choose an executor](configure-deployment-resources.md#choose-an-executor) and [Airflow executors](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-executors-explained).

## Manage the Celery executor

The Celery executor assigns tasks to workers with preset amounts of CPU and memory based on the cloud instance type they run on. On Astro, workers are organized into pools called worker queues that automatically scale worker count based on how many tasks you're running. Each Deployment running the Celery executor has a default worker queue that requires no additional configuration to start running tasks. 

This topic discusses basic Celery executor configurations for scaling workers in a worker queue. For advanced resource configuration steps, including how to configure multiple worker queues, see [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).

### Prerequisites

> - An [Astro project](create-project.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
All of this configuration is only in the UI, so you don't technically need an Astro project.

---
sidebar_label: 'Manage executors on Astro'
title: 'Manage executors on Astro'
id: 'manage-astro-executors'
---

<head>
  <meta name="description" content="Learn how to select and manage Astro executors." />
  <meta name="og:description" content="Learn how to select and manage Astro executors." />
</head>

> When you select an executor on Astro, you need to choose the right executor for your Deployment and then manage your DAGs and Deployment resources to maximize its efficiency and performance. The information provided here is intended to provide you with a an overview of the Celery and Kubernetes executors. For more information about the available Airflow executors, see [Airflow Executors](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-executors-explained). To assign an executor, modify its resource settings, or get a better understanding of its benefits and limitations, see [Configure a Deployment](configure-deployment-resources.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you choose an executor for an Astro Deployment, you can configure your DAGs and Deployment resources to maximize the executor's efficiency and performance. This document provides you with an overview of how to configure the Celery and Kubernetes executors on Astro. To choose an executor for your Deployment, see [Choose an executor](configure-deployment-resouces.md#choose-an-executor) and [Airflow executors](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-executors-explained).
```

> ## Celery executor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Manage the Celery executor
```

> The Celery executor works with a pool of workers and communicates with them to delegate tasks. Astronomer uses worker autoscaling logic to determine how many workers run on each worker queue on your Deployment at a given time. See [Worker autoscaling logic](#worker-autoscaling-logic). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Celery executor assigns tasks to workers with preset amounts of CPU and memory based on the cloud instance type they run on. On Astro, workers are organized into pools called worker queues that automatically scale worker count based on how many tasks you're running. Each Deployment running the Celery executor has a default worker queue that requires no additional configuration to start running tasks. 

This topic covers most basic Celery executor configurations for scaling workers in a worker queue. For advanced resource configuration steps, including how to configure multiple worker queues, see [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).
```

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: These are prerequisites regardless of which executor you're using. Bump them up to the top after the intro?

Author: @jwitz I understand that the prerequisites are identical for both executors. However, if users scan and move to the relevant section they might miss the information if it's located higher in the topic hierarchy.  Also, users might not understand that the blanket prerequisites are applicable to both executors. I think the structure is fine as is.

Reviewer: I would also be fine with removing the prerequisites entirely, as it seems fairly obvious that you would need a Deployment based on the title of the doc. But don't feel strongly either way

- An [Astro project](create-project.md).
- An Astro [Deployment](create-deployment.md).

> ### Worker autoscaling logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Celery worker autoscaling logic
```

The following values are used to determine the number of workers that run for each Deployment worker queue at a given time:

- The total number of tasks in a `queued` or `running` state
- The **Default Max Tasks Per Worker** setting for the worker queue

The calculation is made based on the following expression:

`[Number of workers]= ([Queued tasks]+[Running tasks])/(Maximum tasks per worker)`

The number of workers determines Deployment [parallelism](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#parallelism), which is the maximum number of tasks which can run concurrently within a single Deployment and across worker queues. To ensure that you can always run as many tasks as your workers allow, parallelism is calculated with the following expression:

`[Parallelism]= ([Total number of running workers for all worker queues] * [The sum of all **Maximum tasks per worker*** values for all worker queues])`.

These calculations are computed by KEDA every 10 seconds. For more information on how workers are affected by changes to a Deployment, see [What happens during a code deploy](deploy-code.md#what-happens-during-a-code-deploy).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure Celery worker scaling

Celery worker scaling is configured at the worker queue level. Changing how Celery workers scale ensures that your Deployment always has enough resources to run tasks, but never too much that you pay for unnecessary infrastructure.

- **Max Tasks Per Worker**: The maximum number of tasks that a single worker can run at a time. If the number of queued and running tasks exceeds this number, a new worker is added to run the remaining tasks. This value is equivalent to [worker concurrency](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#worker-concurrency) in Apache Airflow. It is 16 by default.
- **Worker Count (Min-Max)**: The minimum and maximum number of workers that can run at a time. The number of running workers changes regularly based on **Maximum Tasks per Worker** and the current number of tasks in a queued or running state. By default, the minimum number of workers is 1 and the maximum is 10.

```

from airflow.example_dags.libs.helper import print_stuff
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s

k8s_exec_config_resource_requirements = {
    "pod_override": k8s.V1Pod(
        spec=k8s.V1PodSpec(
            containers=[
                k8s.V1Container(
                    name="base",
                    resources=k8s.V1ResourceRequirements(
                        requests={"cpu": 0.5, "memory": "1024Mi"},
                        limits={"cpu": 0.5, "memory": "1024Mi"}
                    )
                )
            ]
        )
    )
}

with DAG(
    dag_id="example_kubernetes_executor_pod_override_sources",
    schedule=None,
    start_date=pendulum.datetime(2023, 1, 1, tz="UTC"),
    catchup=False
):

    @task(executor_config=k8s_exec_config_resource_requirements)
    def resource_requirements_override_example():
        print_stuff()
        time.sleep(60)

    resource_requirements_override_example()
```

When this DAG runs, it launches a Kubernetes Pod with exactly 0.5m of CPU and 1024Mi of memory as long as that infrastructure is available in your cluster. Once the task finishes, the Pod terminates gracefully.

> ## Adjust scheduler settings
> 
> You select and modify executor settings in the Cloud UI. Astro automatically allocates resources to workers and Pods created by the executors, but you can adjust them to meet your requirements. See [Configure a Deployment](configure-deployment-resources.md). The settings you can adjust include:
> 
> - **Default Max Tasks Per Worker** - The maximum number of tasks that a single worker can process simultaneously. This is equivalent to worker concurrency in Airflow.
> - **Default Worker Count** - The minimum and maximum number of workers that can run in parallel in the worker queue. 
> - **Scheduler Resources** - The total CPU and memory allocated to each scheduler in your Deployment.
> - **Scheduler Count** - The number of Airflow schedulers available in your Deployment.
> 
> Worker settings are defined with worker queues. See [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Assume this was left over in a previous draft? A lot of this is repeated elsewhere or not relevant to executors

---
sidebar_label: 'Manage executors on Astro'
title: 'Manage executors on Astro'
id: 'manage-astro-executors'
---

<head>
  <meta name="description" content="Learn how to select and manage Astro executors." />
  <meta name="og:description" content="Learn how to select and manage Astro executors." />
</head>

> Executors are responsible for executing tasks within your DAGs. You can select Celery or Kubernetes executors in Astro. Selecting an appropriate executor can often be challenging. The intent of this topic is to provide you with the information you need to make an informed choice. If you're new to Astro and executors, see [Airflow Executors](/learn/airflow-executors-explained).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executors are responsible for executing tasks within your DAGs. Astro supports the Celery and Kubernetes executor. 

There are two sides to managing executors on Astro:

- Choosing the right executor for a Deployment.
- Managing your DAGs and Deployment resources to maximize executor efficiency and reliability.

This guide covers how to do both on Astro. For more information about all available executors in Airflow, see [Airflow Executors](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-executors-explained).
```

> A single executor is assigned to each Deployment and you can change the executor assignment at any time. To assign an executor or modify its resource settings, see [Configure a Deployment](configure-deployment-resources.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Deployment can run a single executor type which you can change at any time. To change a Deployment's executor type, see [Configure a Deployment](configure-deployment-resources.md).
```
I don't know if "assign" is the right word here, as executors don't exist until you configure them.

## Celery executor

> The Celery executor works with a pool of workers and communicates with them to delegate tasks. Workers are statically configured and running all the time regardless of workload. 

Reviewer 2: > Workers are statically configured and running all the time regardless of workload. 

This is normally true, but we scale celery workers in Astro.

Reviewer: +1, see if you can rewrite this with `Worker autoscaling logic` in mind

Author: @jwitz and @cmarteepants I have updated the text.

### Benefits

- High availability.

> - Allows additional workers to be added to cope with higher demand (horizontal scaling).

Reviewer 2: I would highlight that we scale the workers with higher demand **in Astro**

Author: @cmarteepants I made an attempt to update the text based on your comment. Please review

> - Provides a grace period for worker termination.

Reviewer 2: This isn't celery specific, but something that we do **in Astro** to overcome a celery limitation and we don't kill running tasks

Author: @cmarteepants I made an attempt to update the text. Please review.

As an aside, it _might_ be easier if you provide the specific text you want added. This avoids guesswork and multiple reviews.

### Known limitations

> - Expense.

Reviewer 2: No longer true with autoscaling in Astro. I would spin this that we prioritize execution speed over task reliability

Author: @cmarteepants I updated the text. Please review.

- Complicated set up.
- More maintenance.

### Prerequisites

- An [Astro project](create-project.md).
- An Astro [Deployment](create-deployment.md).

### Adjust worker settings

> You select and modify Celery executor settings in the Cloud UI. Astro automatically allocates resources to workers created by the Celery executor, but you can adjust them to meet your requirements. See [Configure a Deployment](configure-deployment-resources.md). The settings you can adjust include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the Celery executor to change both the number of Celery workers running as well as the resources those workers use. The settings you can adjust include:
```
The distinction of "Celery executor settings" and "Celery worker settings" doesn't feel like the right framing. Worker queue settings _are_ Celery executor settings. I think we should define the difference as:

- Settings related **Worker count**: This includes **Default Max Tasks Per Worker** and **Default Worker Count** settings.
- Settings related to **Worker resources**: The actual computational power that each worker has. This is configured through worker queues on Astro AND your own DAG, where you specify which worker queues tasks should run on.

Please don't take this literally and adjust the text as you see fit, but this framing was the most helpful for me. Thoughts @cmarteepants ?

> - **Default Max Tasks Per Worker&** - The maximum number of tasks that a single worker can process simultaneously.This is equivalent to worker concurrency in Airflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Default Max Tasks Per Worker** - The maximum number of tasks that a single worker can process simultaneously. This is equivalent to worker concurrency in Airflow.
```

- **Default Worker Count** - The minimum and maximum number of workers that can run in parallel in the worker queue. 
- **Scheduler Resources** - The total CPU and memory allocated to each scheduler in your Deployment.

> - **Scheduler Count** - The number of Airflow schedulers available in your Deployment.

Reviewer 2: These settings are not worker settings (and not specific to celery). I would move this into a dedicated scheduler section

Author: @cmarteepants I made an attempt to move this information so it is a standalone section applicable to both executors. Please review.

Worker settings are defined with worker queues. See [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).

> ### Worker autoscaling logic

Reviewer: It doesn't make sense to duplicate only this section from the worker queues doc. What if instead we:

- Cut this section.
- Updated "Manage worker queues" to be "Manage the celery executor", part of which is worker queue configuration.
- Linked out to that doc from here

Author: @paolaperaza you requested that the section be duplicated here. Can you review Jake's proposal and provide a response?

- The total number of tasks in a `queued` or `running` state
- The **Default Max Tasks Per Worker** setting for the worker queue

The calculation is made based on the following expression:

`[Number of workers]= ([Queued tasks]+[Running tasks])/(Maximum tasks per worker)`

The number of workers determines Deployment [parallelism](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#parallelism), which is the maximum number of tasks which can run concurrently within a single Deployment and across worker queues. To ensure that you can always run as many tasks as your workers allow, parallelism is calculated with the following expression:

`[Parallelism]= ([Total number of running workers for all worker queues] * [The sum of all **Maximum tasks per worker*** values for all worker queues])`.

These calculations are computed by KEDA every 10 seconds. For more information on how workers are affected by changes to a Deployment, see [What happens during a code deploy](deploy-code.md#what-happens-during-a-code-deploy).

## Kubernetes executor

> The [Kubernetes executor](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/core-concepts/executor/kubernetes.html) dynamically launches and terminates Pods to run Airflow tasks. The Kubernetes executor can use the Kubernetes API to create Pods for running tasks. The Kubernetes executor is implemented at the configuration level of the Airflow instance, which means a new Kubernetes Pod is created for every task instance. The Kubernetes executor is recommended when you need to control resource optimization, isolate your workloads, maintain long periods without running tasks, or run tasks for extended periods during deployments.

Reviewer 2: > Kubernetes executor can use the Kubernetes API

Kubernetes executor leverages the Kubernetes API

Author: @cmarteepants I implemented your edit.

> The Kubernetes executor runs as a process in the Airflow Scheduler. You select and modify Kubernetes executor settings in the Cloud UI. Astro automatically allocates resources to Pods created by the Kubernetes executor, but you can adjust them to meet your requirements. See [Configure a Deployment](configure-deployment-resources.md).

Reviewer 2: > The Kubernetes executor runs as a process in the Airflow Scheduler.

Even though this is technically true, it's misleading. I would omit this entirely since all executors start as a process in the scheduler and delegates the execution of the task to the executor

Author: @cmarteepants the text has been removed as requested.

### Benefits

- Fault tolerance.  A task that fails doesn't cause other tasks to fail.

> - Run tasks in a Kubernetes cluster outside of the Astro data plane. This can be helpful when you need to run individual tasks on infrastructure that isn't currently supported by Astro, such as GPU nodes or other third-party services.

Reviewer 2: We don't support this use-case in Astro

Author: @cmarteepants the text has been removed

- Specify CPU and memory limits or minimums to optimize performance and reduce costs.
- Task isolation. A task uses only the resources allocated to it and it can't consume resources allocated to other tasks. 
- Running tasks are not interrupted when a deploy is pushed.

On Astro, the Kubernetes infrastructure required to run the Kubernetes executor is built into every cluster in the data plane and is managed by Astronomer.

### Known limitations

- Tasks take longer to start and this causes task latency.

> - Cross-account service accounts are not supported on Pods launched in an Astro cluster. To allow access to external data sources, you can provide credentials and secrets to tasks.

Reviewer 2: > Cross-account service accounts are not supported on Pods launched in an Astro cluster.

This is no different than with celery executor (and similar workaround apply), I don't think we need to call this out here

Author: @cmarteepants the text has been removed.

- PersistentVolumes (PVs) are not supported on Pods launched in an Astro cluster.

> - The `pod_template_file` argument is not supported on Pods launched in an Astro cluster. If you use the `pod_template_file` argument, customized values are overridden when they are required by Astronomer and your tasks will fail. Astronomer recommends using `python-kubernetes-sdk`. See [Astro Python SDK ReadTheDocs](https://astro-sdk-python.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).

Reviewer 2: > If you use the `pod_template_file` argument, customized values are overridden when they are required by Astronomer and your tasks will fail

This is not true. While it's true that we do not support using the `pod_template_file` in Astro, if you try deploying a dag that uses the `pod_template_file` arg, we will reject the dag and you will see a Broken DAG error in the Airflow UI. We link to the Airflow docs suggesting that you use the `python-kubernetes-sdk`

Reviewer 2: I have a screenshot of the error if you'd like to include it

Author: @cmarteepants I have updated the text. Please review.

### Prerequisites

- An [Astro project](create-project.md).
- An Astro [Deployment](create-deployment.md).

> 

Reviewer: This section is missing a general topic for how to configure the pod override file, and we don't explain that the resource management topic is only an example. @cmarteepants Can users configure _everything_ listed in the [V1Container config](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/python/blob/master/kubernetes/docs/V1Container.md)? If so, @kwcanuck we should provide a generalized example of configuring the container (ie. no name or resources specified) and link out to the attached Kubernetes docs to explain all the possible configs you can attach to the container.

Author: @jwitz I _think_ the topic you're requesting already exists. See _Manage task CPU and memory_.  

@cmarteepants can you review Jake's comment and provide your feedback? Specific edits would be helpful here.

> ### Manage task CPU and memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example: manage task CPU and memory
```

Author: @jwitz we should avoid using punctuation in headings. Also, this is unnecessary as the existing text states "The following **example**..."

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/219066048-3f86dfe4-a1b3-40b6-b122-367b45c19c9a.png)

```python {20}
import pendulum
import time

from airflow import DAG
from airflow.decorators import task
from airflow.operators.python import PythonOperator
from airflow.example_dags.libs.helper import print_stuff
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s

k8s_exec_config_resource_requirements = {
    "pod_override": k8s.V1Pod(
        spec=k8s.V1PodSpec(
            containers=[
                k8s.V1Container(
                    name="base",
                    resources=k8s.V1ResourceRequirements(
                        requests={"cpu": 0.5, "memory": "1024Mi"},
                        limits={"cpu": 0.5, "memory": "1024Mi"}
                    )
                )
            ]
        )
    )
}

with DAG(
    dag_id="example_kubernetes_executor_pod_override_sources",
    schedule=None,
    start_date=pendulum.datetime(2023, 1, 1, tz="UTC"),
    catchup=False
):

    @task(executor_config=k8s_exec_config_resource_requirements)
    def resource_requirements_override_example():
        print_stuff()
        time.sleep(60)

    resource_requirements_override_example()
```

> When this DAG runs, it launches a Kubernetes Pod with exactly 800m of CPU and 3Gi of memory as long as that infrastructure is available in your cluster. Once the task finishes, the Pod terminates gracefully.

Reviewer 2: The example shows 0.5 cpu, and 1024Mi of memory, not 800m and 3Gi. We need to adjust the text, or the example to match.

Author: @cmarteepants the text has been updated

---
sidebar_label: 'Manage Deployment executors'
title: 'Manage Deployment executors'
id: 'manage-astro-executors'
---

<head>
  <meta name="description" content="Learn how to select and manage Astro executors." />
  <meta name="og:description" content="Learn how to select and manage Astro executors." />
</head>

> After you choose an executor for an Astro Deployment, you can configure your DAGs and Deployment resources to maximize the executor's efficiency and performance. This document provides you with an overview of how to configure the Celery and Kubernetes executors on Astro. To choose and select an executor for your Deployment, see [Choose an executor](configure-deployment-resources.md#choose-an-executor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you choose an executor for an Astro Deployment, you can configure your DAGs and Deployment resources to maximize the executor's efficiency and performance. This document provides you with an overview of how to configure the Celery and Kubernetes executors on Astro. To choose an executor for your Deployment, see [Choose an executor](configure-deployment-resources.md#choose-an-executor).
```

## Manage the Celery executor

> The Celery executor assigns tasks to workers with preset amounts of CPU and memory based on the cloud instance type they run on. On Astro, workers are organized into pools called worker queues that automatically scale worker count based on how many tasks you're running. Each Deployment running the Celery executor has a default worker queue that requires no additional configuration to start running tasks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Celery executor assigns tasks to workers with preset amounts of CPU and memory. 

On Astro, each Celery worker utilizes an entire worker node instance on your cloud and can run multiple tasks at once. Workers are organized into pools called worker queues that automatically scale worker count based on how many tasks you're running. Each Deployment running the Celery executor has a default worker queue that requires no additional configuration to start running tasks. 
```

- The total number of tasks in a `queued` or `running` state
- The **Default Max Tasks Per Worker** setting for the worker queue

The calculation is made based on the following expression:

`[Number of workers]= ([Queued tasks]+[Running tasks])/(Maximum tasks per worker)`

The number of workers determines Deployment [parallelism](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#parallelism), which is the maximum number of tasks which can run concurrently within a single Deployment and across worker queues. To ensure that you can always run as many tasks as your workers allow, parallelism is calculated with the following expression:

`[Parallelism]= ([Total number of running workers for all worker queues] * [The sum of all **Maximum tasks per worker*** values for all worker queues])`.

These calculations are computed by KEDA every 10 seconds. For more information on how workers are affected by changes to a Deployment, see [What happens during a code deploy](deploy-code.md#what-happens-during-a-code-deploy).

### Configure Celery worker scaling

> Celery worker scaling is configured at the worker queue level. Changing how Celery workers scale ensures that your Deployment always has enough resources to run tasks, but never too much that you pay for unnecessary infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Celery worker scaling is configured at the worker queue level. Changing worker scaling behavior ensures that your Deployment always has enough resources to run tasks, but never so much that you pay for unnecessary infrastructure.
```

By default, each task on Astro runs in a dedicated Kubernetes Pod with 1 CPU and 512Mi of memory. These Pods run on a cloud worker node, which can run multiple worker Pods at once. If a worker node can't run any more Pods, Astro automatically provisions a new worker node to begin running any queued tasks in new Pods.

### Prerequisites

- An [Astro project](create-project.md).
- An Astro [Deployment](create-deployment.md).

### Run tasks in a custom Kubernetes worker Pod

:::warning

While you can technically customize all values for a worker Pod, Astronomer recommends against configuring complex Kubernetes infrastructure in your Pods such as sidecars. These configurations have not been tested by Astronomer.

:::

> You can configure multiple different custom worker Pods to override the default Kubernetes worker Pod on a per-task basis. You might complete this setup to change how many resources the Pod uses, or to create an `empty_dir` for tasks to store temporary files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure multiple different custom worker Pods to override the default Astro worker Pod on a per-task basis. You might complete this setup to change how many resources the Pod uses, or to create an `empty_dir` for tasks to store temporary files.
```

1. Add the following import to your DAG file:

    ```sh
    from kubernetes.client import models as k8s
    ```

2. Add a `pod_override` configuration to the DAG file containing the task. See the [`kubernetes-client`](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/python/blob/master/kubernetes/docs/V1Container.md) GitHub for a list of all possible settings you can include in the configuration.
3. Specify the `pod_override` in the task's parameters.

See [Manage task CPU and memory](#manage-task-cpu-and-memory) for an example `pod_override` configuration. 

### Manage task CPU and memory

One of the most common uses cases for customizing a Kubernetes worker Pod is to request a specific amount of resources for your task. The following example shows how you can use a `pod_override` configuration in your DAG code to request custom resources for a task:

> ```python {20}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

---
sidebar_label: 'Manage Deployment executors'

> title: 'Manage Deployment executors'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: 'Configure an executor for a Deployment on Astro'
```

Reviewer: What about just "Configure a Deployment executor"?

id: 'manage-astro-executors'
---

<head>
  <meta name="description" content="Learn how to select and manage Astro executors." />
  <meta name="og:description" content="Learn how to select and manage Astro executors." />
</head>

> After you choose an executor for an Astro Deployment, you can configure your DAGs and Deployment resources to maximize the executor's efficiency and performance. Use the information provided in this topic to learn how to configure the Celery and Kubernetes executors on Astro. To choose an executor for your Deployment, see [Choose an executor](configure-deployment-resources.md#choose-an-executor).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Apache Airflow and on Astro, the executor determines which worker resources run your scheduled tasks. The difference between executors is primarily based on how tasks are distributed across worker resources.

On Astro, a single executor is assigned to each Deployment and you can update the executor assignment at any time. After you choose an executor for an Astro Deployment, you can configure your DAGs and Deployment resources to maximize the executor's efficiency and performance. Use the information provided in this topic to learn how to configure the Celery and Kubernetes executors on Astro.

To choose an executor for your Deployment, see [Choose an executor](configure-deployment-resources.md#choose-an-executor). To learn more about executors in Airflow, see [Airflow executors](/learn/airflow-executors-explained.md).
```

Redundant with "Configure Deployment resources" but ok since this is really the primary executors topic?

> ## Manage the Celery executor

Reviewer 3: Link here? https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/modify-cluster#manage-worker-types

> The Celery executor assigns tasks to workers with preset amounts of CPU and memory. 
> 
> On Astro, each Celery worker utilizes an entire worker node instance on your cloud and can run multiple tasks at once. Workers are organized into pools called worker queues that automatically scale worker count based on how many tasks you're running. Each Deployment running the Celery executor has a default worker queue that requires no additional configuration to start running tasks. 
> 
> This topic discusses basic Celery executor configurations for scaling workers in a worker queue. For advanced resource configuration steps, including how to configure multiple worker queues, see [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Celery executor assigns Airflow tasks to one or more workers that each have a preset amount of CPU and memory. A single worker represents a Kubernetes Pod that runs within a worker node on Astro. A single worker Pod typically runs multiple tasks at a time. On Astro, the Celery executor autoscales the total running number of workers based on your configurations and the number of running tasks in your Deployment. 

With the Celery executor on Astro, you can configure:

- The type and size of your workers.
- The minimum and maximum number of workers that your Deployment can run at a time.
- The number of tasks that each worker can run at a time.

You can set these configurations per worker queue, which is a set of configurations that apply to a group of workers in your Deployment. With the celery executor, you can configure multiple worker queues for different types of tasks and assign tasks to those queues in your DAG code.

This topic discusses basic Celery executor configurations for a single worker queue. For instructions on how to configure multiple worker queues, see [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).
```

Reviewer: I thought the purpose of having "Choose an executor" was that we could link out for a lot of this introductory content. I think it's okay in the intro, but I'd still prefer to link out when possible so that users can focus on configuration only.

Reviewer: In other words, we should assume for the most part that the executor is already chosen with these details in mind.

    
4. Click **Update Queue**.

## Manage the Kubernetes executor

The [Kubernetes executor](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/core-concepts/executor/kubernetes.html) dynamically launches and terminates Pods to run Airflow tasks. The executor starts a new Kubernetes Pod to execute each individual task run, and then shuts down the Pod when the task run completes. This executor is recommended when you need to control resource optimization, isolate your workloads, run tasks for extended periods, or have extended periods without without task runs

By default, each task on Astro runs in a dedicated Kubernetes Pod with 1 CPU and 512Mi of memory. These Pods run on a cloud worker node, which can run multiple worker Pods at once. If a worker node can't run any more Pods, Astro automatically provisions a new worker node to begin running any queued tasks in new Pods.

> ### Prerequisites
> 
> - An [Astro project](create-project.md).
> - An Astro [Deployment](create-deployment.md).
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

from airflow.example_dags.libs.helper import print_stuff
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s

k8s_exec_config_resource_requirements = {
    "pod_override": k8s.V1Pod(
        spec=k8s.V1PodSpec(
            containers=[
                k8s.V1Container(
                    name="base",
                    resources=k8s.V1ResourceRequirements(
                        requests={"cpu": 0.5, "memory": "1024Mi"},
                        limits={"cpu": 0.5, "memory": "1024Mi"}
                    )
                )
            ]
        )
    )
}

with DAG(
    dag_id="example_kubernetes_executor_pod_override_sources",
    schedule=None,
    start_date=pendulum.datetime(2023, 1, 1, tz="UTC"),
    catchup=False
):

    @task(executor_config=k8s_exec_config_resource_requirements)
    def resource_requirements_override_example():
        print_stuff()
        time.sleep(60)

    resource_requirements_override_example()
```

When this DAG runs, it launches a Kubernetes Pod with exactly 0.5m of CPU and 1024Mi of memory as long as that infrastructure is available in your cluster. Once the task finishes, the Pod terminates gracefully.

> ### Create temporary storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create temporary storage for tasks
```

> Workers on the Astro data plane have limited temporary storage for Airflow tasks. Creating or storing files in the Airflow local file system is not recommended, as it is unlikely that there will be sufficient storage for your tasks and it will be available to other worker Pods. To create or store Airflow files, Astronomer recommends creating an Airflow connection to an external storage service such as Amazon S3 and using it instead of local file storage. The following example shows how you can add temporary storage to a `pod_override` configuration in your DAG code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Airflow metadata database has limited temporary storage for Airflow tasks. Creating or storing files in the metadata database system is not recommended, as it is unlikely that there will be sufficient storage for your tasks and the data will be available to other worker Pods. To create or store temporary files for task execution, Astronomer recommends creating a temporary folder per task worker Pod. The following example shows how you can add a temporary folder to a Pod using a `pod_override` configuration:
```

Reviewer: This setup doesn't have anything to do with external storage services or connections

```python
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s
import pendulum
import time

from airflow import DAG
from airflow.decorators import task
from airflow.example_dags.libs.helper import print_stuff

volumes = [k8s.V1Volume(name="cache-volume", empty_dir=k8s.V1EmptyDirVolumeSource())]

volume_mounts = [k8s.V1VolumeMount(mount_path="/cache", name="cache-volume")]

executor_config = {
    "pod_override": k8s.V1Pod(
        spec=k8s.V1PodSpec(
            containers=[k8s.V1Container(name="base", volume_mounts=volume_mounts)],
            volumes=volumes,
        )
    )
}

with DAG(
    dag_id="empty_dir_example_dag",
    schedule=None,
    start_date=pendulum.datetime(2021, 1, 1, tz="UTC"),
    catchup=False,
) as dag:

>     @task(executor_config=executor_config)

Reviewer: To do for later: rewrite this task so that it makes use of the temporary storage.
